[node-local-dns] fix incorrect 'pay attention' section (#9500)
deckhouse/deckhouse: ee/be/modules/350-node-local-dns/docs/CONFIGURATION.md

The module does not require any configuration (it works right out-of-the-box).

**Pay attention to the following:**

> - The module works with all `CNIs`, but in order to work correctly with `cni-cilium`, a number of [conditions](../../../../../modules/021-cni-cilium/#limitations) must be met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The module works with all `CNIs`, but in order to work correctly with `cni-cilium`, a number of [conditions](../021-cni-cilium/#limitations) must be met.
```

> - By default for `cni-simple-bridge` and `cni-flannel`, the module **does not** serve `hostNetwork` requests (they are forwarded to `kube-dns`). In this case, you can specify the  `169.254.20.10` address in the Pod configuration yourself. However, if a `node-local-dns` will crash, you will not be able to get back to `kube-dns`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, when used together with the `cni-simple-bridge` or `cni-flannel` modules, the `node-local-dns` module **does not work** for requests from `hostNetwork`. In this case, all requests go to the `kube-dns` module. You can specify the address `169.254.20.10` in the pod configuration, but if `node-local-dns` module crashes, there will be no *fallback* to the `kube-dns` module.
```
